Ingester: enable tenant ID in profile labels by default (#13375)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

> * [CHANGE] Ingester: Changed default value of `-include-tenant-id-in-profile-labels` from false to true. #<PR_NUMBER>

Author: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Ingester: Changed default value of `-include-tenant-id-in-profile-labels` from false to true. #13375
```
